Datil-prod Changes + Some Fixes (#318)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/connecting-to-a-lit-network/migrating-to-datil.md

The Datil-dev and Datil-test networks use a new rollup blockchain called [Chronicle Yellowstone](./lit-blockchains/chronicle-yellowstone.md). These new blockchains replace the [Chronicle](./lit-blockchains/chronicle) blockchain that powered Lit's earlier networks. You will learn how to migrate data between these chains below.

Depending on the Lit network you are using, you should migrate to its corresponding Datil network to take advantage of these improvements:

| Currently Available | Requires Payment | Minimum Lit Package Version | Your Current Network | Network to Migrate to | Description                                                  |
|---------------------|------------------|-----------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| ✅                   | ✅                | `6.4.0`                     | `habanero`           | `datil`               | Decentralized mainnet designed for production use cases      |

> | ✅                   | ✅                | `6.2.2`                     | `manzano`            | `datil-test`          | Decentralized testnet designed for pre-production deployment |
> | ✅                   | ❌                | `6.2.2`                     | `cayenne`            | `datil-dev`           | Centralized testnet designed for early-stage development     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ✅                   | ✅                | `6.3.0`                     | `manzano`            | `datil-test`          | Decentralized testnet designed for pre-production deployment |
| ✅                   | ❌                | `6.3.0`                     | `cayenne`            | `datil-dev`           | Centralized testnet designed for early-stage development     |
```

Author: Replaced all `6.2.2` with `6.3.0`

> | ✅                   | ✅                | `6.3.0`                     | `manzano`            | `datil-test`          | Decentralized testnet designed for pre-production deployment |
> | ✅                   | ❌                | `6.3.0`                     | `cayenne`            | `datil-dev`           | Centralized testnet designed for early-stage development     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ✅                   | ✅                | `6.4.0`                     | `manzano`            | `datil-test`          | Decentralized testnet designed for pre-production deployment |
| ✅                   | ❌                | `6.4.0`                     | `cayenne`            | `datil-dev`           | Centralized testnet designed for early-stage development     |
```

|---------------------|------------------|-----------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| ✅                   | ✅                | `6.4.0`                     | `habanero`           | `datil`               | Decentralized mainnet designed for production use cases      |
| ✅                   | ✅                | `6.2.2`                     | `manzano`            | `datil-test`          | Decentralized testnet designed for pre-production deployment |
| ✅                   | ❌                | `6.2.2`                     | `cayenne`            | `datil-dev`           | Centralized testnet designed for early-stage development     |

Like their counterparts, `datil` and `datil-test` require developers to pay for usage of the Lit network via [Capacity Credits](../capacity-credits); however, `datil-dev` does not.

## Breaking Changes and Important Updates

- Chronicle Yellowstone's chain facts are available [here](./lit-blockchains/chronicle-yellowstone.md#connecting-to-chronicle-yellowstone).

### New Network, New PKPs

> PKPs minted on the existing Lit networks: `cayenne`, `manzano`, and `habanero` exist on the Chronicle blockchain. Because of this, when migrating to the new Datil networks: `datil-dev`, `datil-test`, and `datil`, your PKPs will need to be re-minted on the Chronicle Yellowstone blockchain. This also means transferring ownership of assets owned by PKPs minted on Chronicle, to the newly minted ones on Chronicle Yellowstone.

Reviewer 2: Maybe say "...on earlier Lit networks" rather than "on the existing Lit networks"

Author: Fixed

| Currently Available | Requires Payment | Minimum Lit Package Version | Your Current Network | Network to Migrate to | Description                                                  |
|---------------------|------------------|-----------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|

> | ✅                   | ✅                | n/a                         | `habanero`           | `datil-prod`          | Decentralized mainnet designed for production use cases      |

Reviewer 3: should we include minimal package version here? (once confirmed)

Author: Sure, put `6.4.0` for now

The only code changes required to make use of the new Datil networks are as follows:

- Upgrade the Lit packages to the latest version that supports Datil

>   - `6.3.0` is the minimum version of the packages that support `datil-test` and `datil-dev`
>   - `6.4.0` is the minimum version of the packages that supports `datil`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `6.4.0` is the minimum version of the packages that support the Datil networks
```

- Upgrade the Lit packages to the latest version that supports Datil

>   - `6.2.2` is the minimum version of the packages that support `datil-test` and `datil-dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `6.4.0` is the minimum version of the packages that support `datil-test` and `datil-dev`
```

Author: I do think `6.2.2` was the first to support these networks, at latest `6.3.0`. Do we want to update this to `6.4.0`?

Author: Changed this to `6.3.0` for the testnets
